removing early career payment from non-UK teacher page (#4715)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/non-uk-teachers/teach-in-england-if-you-trained-overseas.md

### Financial help

You may be eligible for:

> * a [levelling up premium payment](https://www.gov.uk/guidance/levelling-up-premium-payments-for-teachers) if you teach chemistry, computing, mathematics or physics 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* a [levelling up premium payment](https://www.gov.uk/guidance/levelling-up-premium-payments-for-teachers) if you teach chemistry, computing, maths or physics 
```
mathematics seems quite formal?

> * the [international relocation payment (IRP)](#get-an-international-relocation-payment-irp-worth-up-to-10000) if you teach languages or physics

Author: Such a good spot, I just used the same link, but you're right makes so much more sense to go to the IRP page!

> * the [international relocation payment (IRP)](#get-an-international-relocation-payment-irp-worth-up-to-10000) if you teach languages or physics

Author: ```suggestion
* the [international relocation payment (IRP)](/non-uk-teachers/get-an-international-relocation-payment) if you teach languages or physics
```
